Thank you.
Bye.
What's wrong?
Is that your babysitter?
Yeah.
She said that three more bills came in the mail today and it's late.
I meant wants to see me.
Hey, don't worry.
If it's a good kid, he's gonna be okay.
By the way, what happened to that handsome man I introduced to you last week?
Yeah, I don't know what I'm saying for that.
I have, I'm in.
And work.
And school.
And housework.
Student loan.
Alright, alright, I get it.
I just think it's a waste for a girl like you to be single.
You just got back into town.
You should meet someone new.
I just got out from school.
Getting a new job.
And then everything is gonna change.
Welcome.
Table for one.
By the way, we don't accept food stamps.
Shut up, mortal.
Here you are.
My little gold mine.
Sir, we do have security cameras.
How bad we just get you a beer on the house and we'll call it a night.
No.
The mad is young.
There's plenty of time to play.
No one is going to interrupt us.